Advanced AI for Pedestrian Crossing Safety - Blackcoffer Insights

Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy
Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface
Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading
Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights
AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama
Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040.
Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future
Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways
Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future
AI/ML and Predictive Modeling
Solution for Contact Centre Problems
How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?
Code Review Checklist
Client: A leading tech firm in the Middle East
Industry Type:  Security
Services: Security services
Organization Size: 100+
Traffic Signals are inefficient because even if there are no cars or no pedestrians on the road it still works on a timer and stops the traffic or pedestrian unnecessarily.
We provide a Computer vision-logic to Manipulate the traffic signal to work such that it turns red only when x number of pedestrians are waiting to cross the signal.
There was no existing solution and we had to create the logic from scratch.
Researching Computer Vision. Learning new Techniques and Experimentation.
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.
Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com
© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd