BERT-Based Classification of Individuals and Organizations into Two Categories Using Natural Language Processing - Blackcoffer Insights

Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy
Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface
Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading
Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights
AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama
Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040.
Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future
Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways
Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future
AI/ML and Predictive Modeling
Solution for Contact Centre Problems
How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?
Code Review Checklist
Client: A leading IT & tech firm in the USA
Industry Type: IT
Products & Services: IT Consulting, IT Support, SaaS
Organization Size: 200+
This project aims to classify people and different organizations into two categories using BERT-based models for natural language processing.
people-org-classification-using-bert.ipynb
The problem was the higher GPU limit is required to process the big dataset.
We shifted our notebook from Google Colab to Kaggle Notebook as it offers more GPU usage limits. Also, we took sample data from a given big dataset and processed it quickly.
The project successfully implemented a text classification solution using BERT-based models. The model achieved promising results in classifying people into organizational categories. The documentation outlines the steps from data loading to model training and evaluation, providing a comprehensive project overview.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sYlohokwi6e0ITZALvBJvrJkJdL79Rm2/view?usp=sharing
https://www.loom.com/share/d1390fced221473ea78d360f5c61fac5
Summarized: https://blackcoffer.com/
This project was done by the Blackcoffer Team, a Global IT Consulting firm.
This solution was designed and developed by Blackcoffer TeamHere are my contact details:Firm Name: Blackcoffer Pvt. Ltd.Firm Website: www.blackcoffer.comFirm Address: 4/2, E-Extension, Shaym Vihar Phase 1, New Delhi 110043Email: ajay@blackcoffer.comSkype: asbidyarthyWhatsApp: +91 9717367468Telegram: @asbidyarthy
We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.
Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com
© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd