Department-Wise KPI Tracking Dashboard with Technician Performance Analysis for AtoZ Dependable Service - Blackcoffer Insights

Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy
Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface
Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading
Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights
AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama
Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040.
Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future
Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways
Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future
AI/ML and Predictive Modeling
Solution for Contact Centre Problems
How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?
Code Review Checklist
Client: A leading retail tech firm in the USA
Industry Type: Retail
Products & Services: Retail Businesses
Organization Size: 100+
The organization has some services like sales, installs and services for many departments like drain, plumbing, excavation, hvac and bath. Organization wants to track some KPIs based on the given monthly target and tracking should be department wise or technician wise. The dashboard will show tracking the pace of KPIs so that they can understand how the organization is performing in each department in terms of number of jobs, revenue etc and also they want to understand  how technicians are working to achieve their monthly target. Dashboard has two basic views – one for admin persons and one for users only. When an admin person logged in to the web app he will see the dashboard as an iframe and he can filter date range, department, technician to see the progress of department and technicians. When a user logged in to the web app he will see the user dashboard view after  auto-filtering his name so that he can only view his data in the dashboard.
Scope of this project is limited to AtoZ Dependable Service but scaleable to auto user filter in dashboard datasource. Each user will see his data only in the dashboard that brings data security and integrity.
Define attributes and entities that needed to determine all the KPIs for tracking
Group KPIs in categories and subcategories. For example- as per work defined in organization can be divided into three main categories called Service, Sales and Install. And each of these categories can be divided into 5 departments called- Drain, BATH, HVAC, plumbing and excavation. So any department will have the same KPIs for the same  category. You can refer the document –  https://drive.google.com/file/d/131epQtbEtvRKFdWkXq86TE35jcNe3Ntx/view?usp=sharing
Determine Calculations for each KPIs
Design Dashboard in looker studio and add components need to track those KPIs and use those KPI calculations in dashboard to get actual and target values
Determine the Admin view and Users view of the dashboard report and create a separate dashboard for users. In admin create three pages Service, Sales and Install. For users create 3 separate dashboard each belongs to one of the main category
Add datasource for each of the main categories- Service, sales and install, assign these datasource to the correct page. Same data source will be reused in users dashboard
Determine what type of charts needed to full fill the client requirement, add them and configure accordingly
Create embedded URL and provide those to the developer team to use as iframe in the primary product www.atozscoreboard.com.
Create a user filter parameter (default- params) for the user dashboard and make this as json string and pass it to the embed url through back-end code. So when a user will log in to the web app they will see a filtered dashboard which will only show his filter data from data source
>> Front-end component –
>> Back-end components (in main/views.py)
  Admin Dashboard:
  Employee Dashboard:
Dashboard has two basic views – one for admin persons and one for users only. When an admin person logged in to the web app he will see the dashboard as an iframe and he can filter date range, department, technician to see the progress of department and technicians. When a user logged in to the web app he will see the user dashboard view after  auto-filtering his name so that he can only view his data in the dashboard.
Scope of this project is limited to AtoZ Dependable Service but scaleable to auto user filter in dashboard datasource. Each user will see his data only in the dashboard that brings data security and integrity.
To add Actual Data User can add data in actual form of their assigned category. And only Admin can add actual entry of any user. Also Admin can Add and  view targets of install, Sales and Service. After adding month targets, Users can see their targets and user can track their own performance and Admin can track all users performance.
Implementing a comprehensive tracking system with both an admin dashboard and an employee dashboard will have significant positive impacts on the business, including:
Overall, the implementation of this tracking system will lead to a more motivated and productive workforce, better alignment of individual and organizational goals, and ultimately, enhanced business performance and growth.
AtoZDashboard Web App –  atozscoreboard.com
AtoZDashboard-Admin  –  https://www.atozscoreboard.com/admin/
AtoZDashboard-Admin –  https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/1cbee37f-4b0f-44dc-b8a3-3a7bc2fce6ad
AtoZDashboard-Install_User –  https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/c7158228-9aec-49d7-9ade-c10e5b96930f
AtoZDashboard-Sales_User –  https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/edd0ca07-e841-471a-af1d-e9c9d4429ae2
AtoZDashboard-Service_User –  https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/e281ee62-bb6b-454f-9f30-b6b839f7c081
Summarized: https://blackcoffer.com/
This project was done by the Blackcoffer Team, a Global IT Consulting firm.
This solution was designed and developed by Blackcoffer TeamHere are my contact details:Firm Name: Blackcoffer Pvt. Ltd.Firm Website: www.blackcoffer.comFirm Address: 4/2, E-Extension, Shaym Vihar Phase 1, New Delhi 110043Email: ajay@blackcoffer.comSkype: asbidyarthyWhatsApp: +91 9717367468Telegram: @asbidyarthy
We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.
Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com
© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd